This was my capstone project for General Assembly, which was inspired by my past experience working within and navigating jobs in the food services industry. 

WHAT'S THE BIG IDEA
Having been on both sides of the equation as a job seeker and as an employer for a few years, I learned there's really two basic options for people to find work: using craigslist or showing up in person with a resume. This entire industry, both for struggling small businesses as well as workers, needs all the support it can get, and this way of connecting people with work opportunities is outdated for the times and fraught with complications and stress. 

WHAT THIS INTENDS TO SOLVE
Glassdoor is a good example of a platform that elevates certain industries through the support it provides. It opens up a greater world of accessibility, transparency, engagement, and accountability that has become widely accepted and utilized by millions of people, yet the restaurant industry is seriously lacking with all of this. 'Resto' is intended to be an easy-to-use searchable platform for both individuals and business users to better connect with one another. This is still very much in development, but I have bigger ideas for a much richer user experience once the basic features and user permissionsa are brought to fruition (those details I look forward to sharing very soon-- also, this is also a new repository with a reverted project state due to some difficulties with the last iteration). As more progress is made, this description will be updated. Thanks for checking!
